NLP documentation for support of Huggingface models (#112169)
Azure/azure-content: articles/machine-learning/how-to-auto-train-nlp-models.md

All the pre-trained text DNN models currently available in AutoML NLP for fine-tuning are listed below: 

* bert-base-cased 
* bert-large-uncased 
* bert-base-multilingual-cased 
* bert-base-german-cased 
* bert-large-cased 
* distilbert-base-cased 
* distilbert-base-uncased 
* roberta-base 
* roberta-large 
* distilroberta-base 
* xlm-roberta-base 
* xlm-roberta-large 
* xlnet-base-cased 
* xlnet-large-cased 

Note that the large models are larger than their base counterparts. They are typically more performant, but they take up more GPU memory and time for training. As such, their SKU requirements are more stringent: we recommend running on ND-series VMs for the best results. 

## Supported model algorithms - HuggingFace (preview)

> With the new backend that runs on [AzureML Pipelines](concept-ml-pipelines.md), you can additionally use any text/token classification model from the HuggingFace Hub for [Text Classification](https://huggingface.co/models?pipeline_tag=text-classification&library=transformers), [Token Classification](https://huggingface.co/models?pipeline_tag=token-classification&sort=trending) which is part of the transformers library (such as microsoft/deberta-large-mnli). You may also find a curated list of models in [AzureML Model Registry](concept-foundation-models.md?view=azureml-api-2&preserve-view=true) that have been validated with the pipeline components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the new backend that runs on [Azure Machine Learning pipelines](concept-ml-pipelines.md), you can additionally use any text/token classification model from the HuggingFace Hub for [Text Classification](https://huggingface.co/models?pipeline_tag=text-classification&library=transformers), [Token Classification](https://huggingface.co/models?pipeline_tag=token-classification&sort=trending) which is part of the transformers library (such as microsoft/deberta-large-mnli). You may also find a curated list of models in [Azure Machine Learning model registry](concept-foundation-models.md?view=azureml-api-2&preserve-view=true) that have been validated with the pipeline components.
```
Fixing terminology according to the target documents. See the [style guide](https://styleguides.azurewebsites.net/Styleguide/Read?id=2696&topicid=48440).

> With the new backend that runs on [AzureML Pipelines](concept-ml-pipelines.md), you can additionally use any text/token classification model from the HuggingFace Hub for [Text Classification](https://huggingface.co/models?pipeline_tag=text-classification&library=transformers), [Token Classification](https://huggingface.co/models?pipeline_tag=token-classification&sort=trending) which is part of the transformers library (such as microsoft/deberta-large-mnli). You may also find a curated list of models in [AzureML Model Registry](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/machine-learning/concept-foundation-models?view=azureml-api-2) that have been validated with the pipeline components.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the new backend that runs on [AzureML Pipelines](concept-ml-pipelines.md), you can additionally use any text/token classification model from the HuggingFace Hub for [Text Classification](https://huggingface.co/models?pipeline_tag=text-classification&library=transformers), [Token Classification](https://huggingface.co/models?pipeline_tag=token-classification&sort=trending) which is part of the transformers library (such as microsoft/deberta-large-mnli). You may also find a curated list of models in [AzureML Model Registry](concept-foundation-models.md?view=azureml-api-2&preserve-view=true) that have been validated with the pipeline components.
```

Note that the large models are larger than their base counterparts. They are typically more performant, but they take up more GPU memory and time for training. As such, their SKU requirements are more stringent: we recommend running on ND-series VMs for the best results. 

## Supported model algorithms - HuggingFace (preview)

> With the new backend that runs on [AzureML Pipelines](concept-ml-pipelines.md), you can additionally use any text/token classification model from the [HuggingFace Hub](https://huggingface.co/models?pipeline_tag=image-classification&library=transformers) which is part of the transformers library (such as microsoft/deberta-large-mnli). 

Reviewer 3: can we add links to both NLP and text classification?

Author: updated with links for both text classification and token classification.

> 

Reviewer 3: I think it is worth adding the bit about the registry models. Even if now we are not downloading from registry, that will be soon fixed I hope and it still offers the customers a list of models that actually work.

Author: Added a blurb about azureml curated models
